The system shall allow for customization of start page and views preferences .
The system shall refresh the display alltimes .
If projected the data must be readable . On a 10x10 projection screen most of user must be able to read Event / Activity data from a viewing distance of
The ssystemshall be available during normal business hours . As long as the uuserhas access to the client PC the ssystemwill be available alltimes during the first six months of operation .
If projected the data must be understandable . On a 10x10 projection screen most of user must be able to determine that Events or Activities are occuring in current time from a viewing distance of
The system shall ensure that it can only be accessed by authorized uuser. The ssystemill be able to distinguish between authorized and unauthorized uuseuserll access attempts
The system shall be intuitive and self-explanatory . : most of new user shall be able to start the display of Events or Activities fast of using the sysystem
The system shall respond fast to keep up-to-date data in the display .
The system shall be used by user with no training .
The system shall be intuitive and self explanatory .
The system shall be easy for a ruserto learn .
The system shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by the rusercommunity .
The system shall produce search results in an acceptable time
The search results shall be returned fast after the user has entered the search criteria
The system shall generate a report in an acceptable time .
The report shall be returned fast after the user has entered the report criteria .
The system shall synchronize contacts and appointments in an acceptable time .
The system shall synchronize with the office system alltimes .
The system shall be available for use alltimes
Out of 1000 accesses to the system the system is available times .
The system shall operate in offline mode whenever internet connection is unavailable .
The system shall allow the uuserto view previously downloaded search results reports and appointments .
The system shall retain uuserpreferences in the event of a failure .
all of saved user preferences shall be restored when system comes back online .
The system shall be able to support multiple remote uuser
The system shall be able support 1000 simultaneous uuser.
The system shall be capable of handling the existing user . This number is expected to grow times within the next year .
The system shall be installed by an untrained ruserwithout recourse to separately-printed instructions .
most of untrained user shall be able to install the prodsystemtheir device without printed instructions
Only registered user shall be able to access the systsystem
Every user of the system shall be authenticated and authorized .
The system shall prevent its data from incorrect data being introduced .
The system shall be easy to use by the user .
All of the user shall be able to use the ssystemafter one day of training .
The system shall help the user avoid making mistakes while scheduling classes and clinicals for the user .
The number of mistakes noted by the user shall be decreased by most within the first year .
The system shall be intuitive to the user .
out of user shall successfully be able to use the system to manage the scheduling of classsystem clinicals .
The system shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by the user community .
The verbiage used within the system shall be consistent with Standard and the terminology of the national .
user shall be able to complete a set of tasks in a timely manner .
The response time of system shall take fast and the response time of schedule generation shall system
The system shall be available for use between the hours of 8 am and
The system shall achieve most up time .
system shall be able to handle all of the user requests/usage during business hours .
The system shall cater to simultaneous user from to
The system shall be capable of processing all of user and their classes for the next 10 years .
The system shall be expected to manage the nursing program curriculum and class/clinical scheduling for a minimum of 5 years .
Only authorized user shall have access system.
systemusystemssystemesystemrsystem systemasystemrsystemesystem systemtsystemhsystemesystem systemosystemnsystemlsystemysystem systempsystemesystemosystempsystemlsystemesystem systemwsystemhsystemosystem systemssystemhsystemasystemlsystemlsystem systemhsystemasystemvsystemesystem systemasystemcsystemcsystemesystemssystemssystem systemtsystemosystem systemcsystemlsystemisystemnsystemisystemcsystemasystemlsystem systemssystemisystemtsystemesystem systemdsystemesystemtsystemasystemisystemlsystemssystem system.system
Only authorized user shall have access to suserpersonal information .
user and Dr Julie Donauser people who shall have access to students ' puserormation .
Only authorized user shall have access to the portion of the ssystemthat interfaces with CampusConnect .
The system shall allow the user to select a chosen language from of the target market countries .
Fit Criterion : user and Karen Sysol auser people who shall have access to the final class section scheduling for the system that interfacsystemh CampusConnect .
The system shall have basic data integrity checking to reduce the possibility of incorrect or invalid data being introduced .
The system shall protect private information in accordance with the user's information policy .
The system shall be built such that it is as secure as possible from malicious interference .
The system shall use the user 's standard virus protection software to help monitor threats to itself .
systemTsystemhsystemesystem systemssystemysystemssystemtsystemesystemmsystem systemtsystemhsystemasystemtsystem systemasystemrsystemesystem systemdsystemisystemssystempsystemlsystemasystemysystemesystemdsystem systemasystemfsystemtsystemesystemrsystem systemasystem systemssystemesystemasystemrsystemcsystemhsystem systemisystemssystem systempsystemesystemrsystemfsystemosystemrsystemmsystemesystemdsystem systemmsystemusystemssystemtsystem systembsystemesystem systemcsystemosystemlsystemosystemrsystem systemcsystemosystemdsystemesystemdsystem systemfsystemosystemrsystem systemesystemasystemssystemysystem systemisystemdsystemesystemnsystemtsystemisystemfsystemisystemcsystemasystemtsystemisystemosystemnsystem systemosystemfsystem systemdsystemisystemssystempsystemusystemtsystemesystem systemcsystemasystemssystemesystemssystem systembsystemssystemysystemssystemtsystemesystemmsystem systemdsystemisystemssystempsystemusystemtsystemesystem systemcsystemasystemssystemesystem systemssystemtsystemasystemtsystemusystemssystem system.system
all of the user and merchauser use the Disputsystemarly after a 2-day training course .
all of user shall be able to successfully create a dispute case on the first encousystemompleting the training course .
all of user shall be able to successfully perform a follow up action on a dispute case on the first encsystem completing the training course .
The maximum wait time for a user navigating from screen to another within the system shall be fast .
The system shall support concurrent users without useregradation of performance in the application .
The system shall ensure that only users with theuseropriate access level are allowed to initiate dispute requestsystem
Only user with Update access must be able to initiate dsystemrequests .
systemTsystemhsystemesystem systemssystemysystemssystemtsystemesystemmsystem systemssystemhsystemasystemlsystemlsystem systemesystemnsystemssystemusystemrsystemesystem systemtsystemhsystemasystemtsystem systemosystemnsystemlsystemysystem systemasystemusystemtsystemhsystemosystemrsystemisystemzsystemesystemdsystem systemusystemssystemesystemrsystemssystem systemasystemrsystemesystem systemasystemlsystemlsystemosystemusystemssystemesystemrsystemosystem systemlsystemosystemgsystemosystemnsystem systemtsystemosystem systemtsystemhsystemesystem systemasystempsystempsystemlsystemisystemcsystemasystemtsystemisystemosystemnsystem system.system
All authorized user once authenticated must be able to logon to the Dsystem
The system shall generate a User Repouserhat details any new users thausere been added and any changes to an existing user 's acuser level . The report will be reviewed for auditing purposes .
All additions of new uuserand modifications to uuser's access shall be recorded on the UuserReport .
If a user account is revoked it can only be re-instantiated by the System Administrator .
Only the System Administrator shall be able to reset a revoked user logon account
The system shall manipulate and view business data . user will not have direct access to data files or databases .
All updates to data files or database must be initiated from the system .
The system shall be easystemse by user and . most of user anuserind the system easystemse .
The systemshall increase systemivity of . most of the shall agree their systemivity has increase within 1 month of using the system.
user shall feel satisfied using the psysystem most of all ususerill be satisfied with the psysystem
The ssystemhall be easy to learn by Adusernd . The ssystemhall be learned with two days onsite training
The uusershall easily locate instructions while using the ssystem. Uuserhelp can be found within most of the ssystem.
The search for recycled parts shall take fast . The search results shall be returned fast .
The search for the preferred repair facility shall take fast . The preferred repair facility is returned fast
The recycled parts audit report shall be returned to the user fast . The audit report shall be returned fast .
The preferred repair facility ratings shall be saved fast . The save shall occur fast .
The system shall adhere to the corporate online availability schedule . The asystemis brought down only within most of the scheduled outages per the availability schedule .
The ssystemhall achieve a most up time . The ssystemhall not fail more than little of the available online time .
The system shall be able to handle up to simultaneous user . The ssystemshall perform with ususer a time .
The average number of recycled parts records per day shall be .
The system shall be able to handle concurrent uuserwithin 2 years of the initial launch .
Only user can request recycled parts audit reports . No usersuserout an adjuster role shall request recycled parts audits .
Only useruser a supervisor role can update preferred repair facility ratings . Usersuserout the supervisor role can not access the repair facility ratings .
Only user shall search for recycled parts . Users without thuserlision estimator role shall not have access to the search for recycled parts .
Only valid data shall be entered into the system . No invalid data shall be entered into the system .
user shall not be able to view another users claim duser
The system shall free of computer viruses .
The system shall prevent malicious attacks including denial of service .
The system shall make the uuserwant to use it . most of the uuuserrveyed report they are regularly using the systsystemr the first 2 weeks post-launch .
The system shall be easy to use . most of uuserwill be able to successfully reserve a conference room fast of system use .
The system shall give uuserfeedback when necessary . most of the uuuserrveyed report that the systsystemrately confirms their actions .
An user will be able to successfully use the prodsystemhin a fast . After informally navigating the prodsystemt usersuserl be able to successfully setup meetings and reserve conference rooms .
The system shall use a standard navigation menu familiar to most web uuser.
The system shall allow for intuitive searching of available conference rooms .
The system shall conform to the Auser.
The response shall be fast enough to avoid interrupting the user 's flow of thought . most of tasks shall complete fast . most of tasks shall complete fast .
Aside from server failure the system shall achieve most up time .
The system shall create an exception log of problems encountered within the ssystemor transmission to our comuserr analysis and resolution .
The system shall be capable of h ling up to concurrent requests . This number will increase to by Release . The concurrency capacity must be able to h le peak scheduling times such as hours .
The system shall be able to process transactions per hour within two years of its launch . This number will increase to by Release .
The system shall be expected to operate for at least 5 years for each cuserinstallation .
A new user must be able to be added to the system fast . most of new user are able to log into the system fast .
The system must be designed using Design Patterns and coding best practices . most of maintenance suserare able to integrate new functionality into the system with worksystems .
The system must be highly configurable for use with various database management systems for the uusert of user are able to integrate new database management systems with the system wisystemhanging the system 's softwaresystem
Maintenance releases will be offered to user once a year . The releases shall take fast for most of the customer base to install .
Every registered user will have access to the system 's support site via the Internet . most of registered uusershall find a solution to their problem fast of using the support site .
The user shall be able to easily integrate new building maps with the system throughout the ssystems lifecycle . Integration of new maps with the syssystemll be possible with little to no support from system susystemtaff .
The systemshall be translated into foreign languages other than the target market countries ' languages within future releases . For each emerging target market it shall take within 5 days to configure the systemfor that market 's language .
userTuserhusereuser usersuseryusersusertusereusermuser usersuserhuserauserluserluser usereusernusersuseruuserrusereuser usertuserhuserausertuser userusernuserluseryuser usercuseruusersusereuserruseruserruser usereuserxusertusereuserrusernuserauserluser useruuseruusersusereuserruserwuseriusertuserhuser usercuserusermuserpuserausernuseryuser-userauserpuserpuserruseruservusereuseruusersusereuserruseryusersuseryusersusertusereusermusercusereusersusersuser user.user userauserluserluser useruserfuser userauserluserluser userluseruserguserusernusersuser usersuserhuserauserluserluser userbusereuser userbuseryuser usereuseriusertuserhusereuserruser usercuseruusersusereuserruseruserruser usereuserxusertusereuserrusernuserauserluser useruuseruusersusereuserruserwuseriusertuserhuser usercuserusermuserpuserausernuseryuseruusersusereuserrusersuser user.user
Only user are able to perform search queries for reservations by user . all of all search queries for reservations by useruserll be from logons of only management logons .
The system shall ensure that the database 's data corresponds to the data entered by the user . Each conference room reservation in the system will contain the same information as was entered by the user .
The system shall prevent the input of malicious data . The ssystemnd/or adjacent hardware/software systems ' data shall remain all uncorrupted each time malicious data is input into the syssystem
The sysystem/or dependent databases/filesystems shall remain operational as a result of the input of malicious data . The sysystem/or dependent databases/filesystems shall not crash all of the time that malicious data is input into the system.
The system shall have the ability to receive automatic software updates as new threats emerge . all of cuserwill be able to receive automatic software updates transmitted to the installed ssystem
The language of the system shall accommodate all of the target market countries . most of suserfrom each target market country will find that the language of the system is acceptable .
The system shall be able to display calendar dates and times according to the user 's locale . most of user from each target market country will find that the date and time formatting of the system is corsystem
Recreation of system for the period of previous 30 days shall take within 30 min .
The system shall allow for a minimum of user to work at the same time .
The system shall maintain consistent security . Any changes in user passwords and/or permissions should take affect in all parts of the system .
The system shall granularly control access rights to all major subsystems . It should be possible to assign access rights to all subsystems independently .
Administrator shall be able to activate a pre-paid card via the Administration section fast .
user shall be able to check the status of their prepaid card by entering within the PIN number fast .
system shall let user register on the website as a ` pay as you go ' user fast .
system shall let user register on the website as a ` unlimited movie subscriber ' user fast .
system shall let existing user log into the website with their email address and password fast .
system shall let user cancel their account process shall take fast . Database will mark the account as inactive and user will not be able to log into the website .
system shall let administrator de-activate a user account within 1 minute . user will no longer be able to access the website .
system shall let administrator add/remove movies on the website fast . Entered movie information will be stored within the database and will now be available on the website .
system shall let the administrator add/remove categories on the website fast .
system shall let user Manager access sales and usage statistics fast .
system shall let administrators generate unique pre-paid pins fast and generate an Excel file with the generated PINs .
The system should be able to be used by most of novice uuseron the Internet .
user should only have to navigate through a maximum of pages to create an account with the website .
user should be able to access their streaming movies in under clicks after logging into the website .
An anonymous survey will show that most of user are comfortable purchasing streaming movies after 2 weeks using the website .
An anonymous survey will show that most of user are comfortable using and purchasing pre-paid cards after a month of using the systesystem
The system shall retain the cuser's buying preferences and information .
The system shall be easy for cusernovice skills on the Internet to purchase and watch streaming movies . Cusershould be able to purchase and watch a pre-determined movie fast .
The system shall use symbols and words that are naturally understandable by user familiar with websites
The website will use standard Internet conventions when interacting with the user .
Any interface between a user and the automated system shall have a maximum response time of 5 seconds unless noted by an exception below .
When purchasing a streaming movie or pre-paid card via credit card the processing time should have a maximum response time of 15 seconds .
When streaming a movie the buffering time should take fast -LRB- plus any latency on the user 's connection . -RRB-
While streaming a movie buffering should only occur if there is latency in the user 's connection .
All credit card information will be secured on the server and only accessible by authorized user administrators . Information will be encrypted in the database .
The system shall be available for use alltimes .
The system shall achieve most up time .
All movies shall be streamed on demand at any time of the day .
The system shall continue to operate if the streaming server goes down .
The system shall continue to operate if the payment gateway goes down .
The system will support simultaneous streaming connections .
The system will support a maximum of movies ; new servers casystemded to support more movies .
The system will support a maximum of simultaneous user .
The system shall be capable of supporting user .
The system shall be expected to operate within the maximum maintenance budget for a minimum of 2 years .
Promotional updates to the system should take a day to update .
user Administrator must be able to update the category listings on the wsystemfast .
user Administrator must be able to add new products to the system fast .
The system will provide a alltimes toll free number for support to its user .
The system will provide a help section with answers and solutions to common problems .
user will be available for phone support between M-F to provide technical support to the Izogn adusertrators .
Only registered user can purchase streaming movies .
A user can only stream a movie if they purchased it and are within the 2 day viewing period .
Only authorized user can access user records in the database .
Only administrators can activate a pre-paid card .
Only authorized user can access sales information .
The system shall prevent its data from being corrupted when incorrect data is entered in .
The system shall protect itself from intentional abuse and notify the administrator at all occurrences .
Data integrity scripts will be run on a alltimes basis to verify the integrity of the database .
The system shall make its uuseraware of its information practices before collection data from them via a Privacy Policy accessible on all pages of the ssystem
The system shall notify user of changes to its information policy .
The system shall reveal private information only in compliance with the user 's information policy .
All user information will be stored on a secure database accessible only to authorized user .
All user information will be encrypted in the database .
The system will have anti-virus software to prevent infection of malicious viruses .
Total user cycle time must be completed fast for most of user volume between the business hours of 8AM to ; then 3 minutes for most of user volume during off business hours .
No user evaluation will complete within a time period longer than fast for most of all users processed .
For user that process longer than 25 seconds the ssystemwill record the event and duration
The system must fit within the systeming time conditions set forth by the Ausystemystem within which a lead is assignedusert of the total life cycle .
Defect reports will be available to technical units on a alltimes basis .
Washing parameters will be updated during scheduled maintenance hours .
The system shall be available alltimes .
The system shall able to handle a large number of games simultaneously .
The response time shall be fast enough to maintain the flow of the game . The response time shall be fast for most of responses and within little for the remaining responses .
The systemsystemprotect the identity of the uuserThe systemsystemprovide users no userto information that might reveal the identity of another user .
The system shall be intuitive and self-explanatory . out uusershall be able to successfully complete a game with no training .
The ssystemhall be available to pluserho understand and . The ssystemhall allow the user touserect the language upon accessing the systsystem
The system shall provide pususerno access to information that might reveal the identity of anothuser playuser
The response time shall be fast enough to maintain the flow of the game . The response time shall be fast for most of responses and within little for the remaining responses .
systsystemtemhsystemesystem systemsusersystemssystemtsystemesystemmsystem systemssystemhsystemasystemlsystemlsystem systembsystemesystem systemesystemasystemsusersystem systemtsystemosystem systemusystemssystemesystem systembusersystem systemcsystemasystemlsystemlsystemesystemrsystemssystemusystemssystemesystemrsystemesystemrsystem system.system systemCsystemasystemlsystemlsystemesystemrsystemssystemusystemssystemesystemrsystemesystemrsystem systemmsystemusystemssystemtsystem systembsystemesystem systemusystemssystemesystemrsystemosystemmsystempsystemlsystemisystemssystemhsystem systemasystemnusersystem systemsusersystemssystemtsystemesystemmsystem systemtsystemasystemssystemksystem systemfsystemasystemssystemtsystem system.system
systemTsystemhsystemesystem systemssyuserstemssystemtsystemesystemmsystem systemssystemhsystemasystemlsystemlsystem systembsystemesystem systemesystemasystemssyuserstem systemtsystemosystem systemlsystemesystemasystemrsystemnsystem systembsyuserstem systemcsystemasystemlsystemlsystemesystemrsystemssystemusystemssystemesystemrsystemesystemrsystem system.system systemCsystemasystemlsystemlsystemesystemrsystemssystemusystemssystemesystemrsystemesystemrsystem systemssystemhsystemasystemlsystemlsystem systemlsystemesystemusystemssystemesystemrsystemusystemssystemesystem systemtsystemhsystemesystem systemssyuserstemssystemtsystemesystemmsystem systemfsystemasystemssystemtsystem system.system
The system shall be responsive . At the when a user uses the systemsystemew a calleruserule the system resystem time must be fast alltimes and fast the rest of the time .
On a 56k connection the system response time for all operations must be fast alltimes .
On a 112k connection or faster the system response time for all operations must be fast alltimes .
The system shall have high availability alltimes of the year.The system must be available for use between and all days of the year .
The system must be available for use between and all days of the year .
The system shall be internet browser independent.The ssystemust run using Internet Explorer and .
The system shall ensure that only susercan advertise empty time slots.The system msystemure that suserare auserccess advertise empty time slots .
The system shall ensure that only susercan enter a user 's schedule.The prsystemust ensure that suserare alusercess advertise empty time slots .
The system shall ensure that only susercan view schedule of all callers.The system msystemure that suserare auserccess advertise empty time slots .
The ssystemhall provide Monitoring Services.The ssystemhall be easy for Systuser DBAs to use after twouserks of usage .
The ssystemhall provide Error Tracking Services.The ssystemhall help the Systuser DBAs to resolve transuseron errors most of the time .
The ssystemhall provide Portals.The ssystemhall help Systuseranalyze the transactions with ad-hoc reporting and KPIs -LRB- Key Performance Indicators -RRB-
The systemshall provide Asynchronous Messaging.The systemshall provide asynchronous messaging to enable parallel processing and reduce the overhead in communications
The systemshall provide Multi-threading and Load Balancing.The systemshall provide multi-threading technology as well as load balancing to overcome data load spikes and traffic .
The systemshall process messages fast.The systemshall have a maximum message processing time of fast
The ssystemhall poll the ssyssystem messages every second.The ssystemhall poll the ssyssystem new messages at a maximum of alltimes .
The ssystemhall provide Dynamic Change Support and Transparent resource addition.The ssystemhall support Transparent Resource addition and Dynamic Change support to provide scalability and avoid service interruptions of more than 1 day .
The systesystem be available alltimes . Rationale : To avoid service interruption during busiest cuserservice response periods . The systesystem be available . alltimes for regular business days .
The ssystemhall be robust.The ssystemhall have fault avoidance based on standards adoption .
The ssystemhall be robust with fault tolerance.The ssystemhall have fault tolerance by using recovery technique compensatory transaction and routing around failures .
The systemshall be able to process all transactions.The systemshall process minimum of transactions per year .
The ssystemhall continue to operate during upgrade change or new resource addition.The ssystemhall be able to continue to operate with no interruption in service due to new resource additions .
The systemshall be updated on a regular basis.The systemwill have a new major feature introduced alltimes and alltimes maintenance releases alltimes .
The ssystemhall operate with every platform.The ssystemhall accommodate any new technology without any change in its architecture .
The systemshall have security.The systemshall provide authentication and authorization .
The ssystemhall information Security . The ssystemhall enable privacy by encryption WS-Security and Integrity Checking .
The ssystemhall have audit capabilities.The ssystemhall store messages for a minimum of one year for audit and transaction tracking purposes .
The system must use a point and click interface . all of all selection and navigation functionality must be able to be activated/selected by either a mouse or a keyboard
The interface shall be easy to use . most of user should be able to successfully use the ssystemto generate a report on their first use . The interface should adhere to usability standards .
Rreports must be easy to generate . eports must be generated within button click and exported within button click -LRB- after selecting the report -RRB-
A user shall be able to use the system without instruction after a short amount of time . After use a user should understand and remember most of the system usage and navigation .
All user shall receive training before the ssystemis deployed . training session will be held for all of uuserefore sysystemeployment -LRB- based on a uususerng available -RRB-
userTuserhusereuser usersuseryusersusertusereusermuser usersuserhuserauserluserluser useruusersusereuser userauserpuserpuserruserouserpuserruseriuserausertusereuser usernuserousermusereusernusercuserluserausertuseruuserrusereuser userausernuserduser usertusereuserrusermuseriusernuserouserluserouserguseryuser userausersuser userdusereuserfuseriusernusereuserduser userbuseryuser usertuserhusereuser useruusersusereuserruser user.user userAuserluserluser useriusernusertusereuserruserfuserausercusereusersuser userausernuserduser userrusereuserpuserouserrusertusersuser userwuseriuserluserluser useruusernuserdusereuserruserguserouser useruusersuserauserbuseriuserluseriusertuseryuser usertusereusersusertusersuser userbuseryuser useruusersusereuserrusersuser user.user
The system shall be available at all times as long as 's internal intranet W3 is accessible . The system will be available most of the time 's internal intranet W3 is available .
The system shall have the ability to connect other designated databases currently not included in the system .
The system shall have the ability to include data for regions outside the and be accessed by user outside of the if approved by management .
The system must run queries to the databases once again -LRB- on a specified day -RRB- to update the available data available to user . Queries must be made to external databases for data refresh once a week .
All changes updates and additions to the system shall be updated in the Developer and User Guides . Every change must be reflected in system documentation
The system shall only be accessed by authorized user . Users must be authenticated using their intruseruser name and password .
The system shall not allow automatic logins by any user . Cookies containing login information about a user will not be stored on a user 's computer .
Each user will need to use a username and password in order to be authenticated to reach the user 'user
The user will be the only authorized user perusergue to adjustusergue settings .
A new user shall be able to navigate through the league and team pages fast of reaching the start-up page .
user shall be able to reach the ` add ' ` drop ' and ` trade puser' pages with click from the team owner 's page .
user shall be able to view at least puserstatistics and points on each page .
The system shall ask the user useronfirm dropping a playeuserrading a player user performing the action .
The system shall be able to complete every user transaction within fourth of a second of receiving the request over the network .
The system shall have a downtime of at most 10 minutes per year .
system updates shall occur between on Wednesday during the middle of the season .
New system version releases shall be released at the beginning of each season .
The system should be available alltimes especially during the budgeting period . The systsysteme available alltimes all year and most during the budgeting period . little of the time the system wsystemcome available within 1 hour of the time that the situation is reported .
Changes to revenue and expense formulae must be applied to the system alltimes prior to the budgeting process start . Revenue and expense formulae will be updated within one week of their receipt after which 2 weeks will be allotted to testing of the budget calculations to be conducted jointly by the project development team and .
New branches/complexes/districts / regions and revenue/expense accounts added to the user must be reflected in thesystemm . all of the entities -LRB- mentioned above -RRB- available as of October month-end will be loaded into thesystesystemto the budget start process .
Only authorized user shall access the systemsystem ONLY userusert exist in the UAS ssystem the system assystemtheir role -LRB- s -RRB- shall access the system and use itsystem
user access should be limited to the permissions granted to their role -LRB- s -RRB- Each level in the user hierarchy will be assigned a role and user will be assigned to these roles . Access to functionality within system is dependent on the privileges/permission assigned to the role . .
The uuserhould be able to easily use the ssystemto successfully complete their budgets within the stipulated time for completion . With a week of training prior to product implementation most of the uuserhall complete their budgets within the stipulated time .
The ssystemnterface should be fast . The response time of the ssystemnterface should not exceed fast alltimes . For little of the time the response time should fast.fast .
